Critical strikes have been used in many games to add depth to combat and to build crafting. Games like Risk of Rain 2 and Dead Cells come to mind in terms of games with interesting crit mechanics. That's why I've always found Terraria's crit system to be... kind of dissappointing. In effect, a boost to your crit chance is a boost to your average damage output. There's nothing particularly interesting in special that goes into building around crit.

That's what this mod aims to fix. It COMPLETELY overhauls the way critical strikes work in Terraria to be condition-based rather than chance-based. In particular, each item is either given a predetermined crit condition (for example, Shadowflame Knives critically striking on repeat hits) or a randomly chosen crit condition-- most weapons work this way; for example, when you craft a copper shortsword, it might deal crits for a moment after you take damage, or when hitting enemies that are on fire.

There are a few ways to modify a weapon's crit condition. For starters, weapons asigned a random crit condition will have it re-rolled when you reforge the item. As an alternative, this mod also adds a new item category called Whetstones, which allow you to asign a specific (often more niche and build dependent) crit condition to a weapon.

The damage that critical strikes deal are now affected by a variety of factors. Most importantly, every critical strike chance bonus (including from other mods) has been automatically replaced with a critical damage bonus. The crit condition assigned to a weapon also affects its critical strike damage. Because crits are consistent in this mod, most crit conditions do not have vanilla's 2x crit damage multiplier. Instead, they tend to vary from about 1.2x to 1.8x (although there are a few that go far above 2x).

The purpose of this mod is to allow for more creative and niche build crafting for the player. Because of that, there are probably several overpowered builds that I haven't thought of myself. But that's the fun of it! I can't guarentee that this mod will work perfectly with every other mod (ESPECIALLY balance wise), and most crit conditions from other mods will likely be broken (sadly not much I can do about this). All critical strike on-hit effects should work just fine, though.

It also adds a few new item prefixes to accomodate crit-focused builds (especially since lucky is made fully obsolete by menacing due to the rework).
